Home business ideas That you can do from Home


1. Blogging
Blogging is one of the first business models to arise from the invention of the internet. Blogs are online magazines in a niche that people read for advice, information and resources. Examples of popular blogs include Techcrunch which started as a hobby and turned into a business that was acquired for around $25m; Buzzfeed for trending millennial news/topics and Entrepreneur Handbook
 for advice on starting, managing and running a business in the UK
 (we couldn’t resist).

2. Buy and sell on Amazom / Jumia /Konga/KayStackWebFront/ Flutterwave..
eBay is a marketplace auction where you can buy and sell virtually any new or second hands goods you could think of. Many fortunes have been made and continue to be made by savvy buyers and sellers on eBay (check out the Red Paperclip story it’s amazing).


3. Freelancer
A third of workers in the UK now work on a freelance or contractual basis, meaning they work on an hourly or project fee basis providing their services (time and expertise) to other businesses in exchange for a fee.

Becoming a freelancer requires you to have a specialist skill that is in
 demand and monetizable. Examples of skills in demand that command high fees include web development, graphic design, copywriting, software development, business development and virtual assistance (you can do pretty much anything from logo design to writing press releases).

4. Become a YouTube star/vlogger
Popular YouTube stars make a ridiculous amount of money in advertising
 revenue. One viral video can lead to YouTubers becoming overnight stars 
and racking up huge amounts of revenue (YouTube averages pay-outs of £1,750
 per 1 million views).

5. Dropshipping
The process of dropshipping is where you list supplier products on your
 online store or selling platform without purchasing the stock upfront.
With this supplier you have an agreement that when you a customer orders you
 will purchase the product from the supplier and the supplier agrees to deliver the
 product to the customer (also usually deal with any returns). Similar to affiliate but
 the user can stay on your website. You’re still selling products without the inventory 
requirements but you control the buying process.

6. Make and flip apps
If you’re a great app developer, you can churn them out and stick them on AppTopia to sell. Many companies and individuals want to start an app-based business or create a new application for their existing business, in these cases it’s easier for them to just to buy a readymade application close to or exactly the app they were looking to develop (rather than develop it themselves or outsource/manage the application build).

Popular apps for sale span areas including games, 
productivity and business management (a notepad app made close to £1,000,000
 in one week in the early days of the App Store). To get going, you’ll need to be an 
expert developer able to create robust code, also be comfortable with IOS and Android 
development languages. You’ll also need relevant development software (i.e. Sublime), 
an ergonomic high-powered computer setup (to mitigate the health risk from the long hours
 you’ll be working) and an email address.

7. Sell stock photography & video
Most websites use stock images, essentially photos they buy online from platforms such as Shutterstock, Adobe Stock Photos and others to use on their websites and in marketing material. There are also many free stock photo websites 
out there, but they often lack the range of quality of photos on the 
paid stock photo sites (which is why businesses generally opt for paid stock photos for marketing material/websites).


8. eBook writer
Fancy yourself the next Emily Bronte? Why not write and publish a novel or non-fiction book
 (in an area you have specialist knowledge in).

It’s never been easier to write, publish and distribute your writings,
 eBooks allow you to access a large potential audience through platforms such as Kindle (without the need for a traditional publisher and printing


9. Make and sell stuff
Handcrafted goods have become extremely popular in the last few years
 (from customised dog coats to engraved rings and beyond) and the demand for bespoke handmade goods shows no signs of slowing down.



10. Webinars
Webinars are live video sessions where a specific topic is covered by expert/s, and the audience can interact/ask questions. Effectively they are a form of online training, webinars have boomed in 
popularity in recent years particularly in the technology, marketing and finance areas
 (complex subjects and products). Webinars are an excellent way to market products and 
services.

11. Affiliate marketer
Why sell your own products, when you can sell someone else’s (eliminating the hassle/risk of stock, delivery and payment). This is where affiliate marketing comes in; Affiliate marketing is the process of marketing
 another companies product/service and taking a cut if they sell a product/s based to a customer you’ve referred through marketing activity.